docs: document data_dir in YAML dataset configuration (#2340)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-manual-configuration.md

> This is useful to set which subset the Dataset Viewer shows first, and which subset data libraries load by default.

## Data Directory

> Instead of listing individual files with `data_files`, you can use `data_dir` to point to a directory. Files inside that directory are resolved automatically based on the builder's default patterns. This is especially useful when your data is organized in subdirectories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of listing individual files with `data_files`, you can use `data_dir` to point to a directory. Files inside that directory are resolved automatically based on file extensions. This is especially useful when your data is organized in subdirectories:
```

```
my_dataset_repository/
├── README.md
├── train/
│   ├── 001.parquet
│   └── 002.parquet
└── test/
    └── 001.parquet
```

```yaml
---
configs:
- config_name: default
  data_files:
  - split: train
    path: "train/*.parquet"
  - split: test
    path: "test/*.parquet"
---
```

> You can simplify this with `data_dir` when each subset's data lives in its own directory:

Reviewer: I think the first yaml is not necessary

````suggestion

For example in a case like this, you can simply use `data_dir` since each subset's data lives in its own directory:
````
